HELLO

Since I couldnt find any other means of contacting you, having searched the mod listing and discord, I have elected to suggest this text file :)

I really like your Dancer character mod. The aim relative input of attacks makes for really interesting gameplay similar to a 2D fighting game with combos.
However, I wonder if you have play tested them on Monsoon difficulty and/or in single player.
My reasoning being that in my playtesting Ive run in to some unavoidable pitfalls of the character- things that regardless of strategy the character seems to fail at.
Im just going to list out my contentions and you can take them as you will.

1. Wisps. Oh my god Wisps. This character cannot for the life of it deal with Wisps or anything aerial. Early game is a death sentence if there is a large spawn of Wisps or god forbid Elite Wisps at any point.
You can get creative with your ability to try and deal with more than one but in reality you're either relying on spamming the utility stab for a single kill or hoping to ribbon a ground enemy and freeze the surrounding Wisps.

2. Fire elites. This character due to their combo system literally gets reamed by ground fire elites. Even if you ribbon them, the health you gain is often less than the burn damage meaning you cannot engage them without losing considerable HP...
That is unless you get cheesy and spam the aerial forward spike that stuns and keeps you airstalled, which IMO is not fun or effective.

3. Ice elites. Due to the characters incredibly slow movement speed, until you have ample movement items you must IMMEDIATELY run or use your utility to escape the on death freeze AOE they create.
On that note, even using the movement ability, due to its finnicky nature and slight delay before movement, its likely a death sentence if you arent quick to react or miss the connection.

4. Imp Overloards. This character cannot and I cant understate this. CAN NOT kill Imp Overlords without excessive items. You cant ribbon stun them because theyre a boss and as such you WILL die to the bleed rapid attack it does. Even when floating off FAirs.

5. Level HP scaling is really low. I understand this character might should not be as tanky as Acrid or similar, but the HP gain feels really low for no reason- especially since they dont seem to have armor. Im talking Artificer levels of squishy.
It was not uncommonn to have runs going seemlingly well and then die outright to a Beatleguard or Greater Wisp with no warning. While thats true in the game as a whole, it is really excacerbated on this character.

6. Damage scaling. Apart from the up air double attack and the aerial downwards drill attack, this characters damage is really low- especially for a melee character.
They feel fine for the first few minutes of Monsoon, but unless you get good damage scaling items, you will not be able to kill most anything past 10-15 minutes.

7. Ability scaling. The regular attacks all seem to scale with attack speed fine, save for the grounded forward attack and dash attack being quite janky at higher attack speed.
However, the secondary ability does not scale with attack speed and remains a pitiful slow 3 hit combo dealing underwhelming damage and have no stun to it. This means later on its a useless ability except for air stalling.
Additionally, the utility ability does not scale with movement speed at all, meaning its quickly left behind in favor of just running places. That is unless its an aerial enemy as its your only option.

8. The ribbon. I really like the ribbon ability. Its unique and promotes a fun 'dancing' between targets type of gameplay. However, it is simultaneously way too good and bad.
On one hand it flat out stuns everything and provides heals which is crazy good and necesarry to this characters kit for staying alive. But the cooldown is 18 seconds even on miss, meaning if you miss your shot or it fails to proc because you instant kill the target- you likely die.
The only means of survival I found remotely succesful for this character in solo monsoon was getting 2+ bandoliers and abusing ribbon. That and gasoline crowbars to kill wisps because otherwise it was impossible.

Thats it. I hope you value this input and tweak the character to be more viable as I truly do love playing as them- its just infuriatingly impossible at times.
Thank you for the mod <3
 
